Update links containing 'master' to 'main' branch (#256)
SteeltoeOSS/Samples: Connectors/src/RabbitMQ/README.md

﻿# RabbitMQ Connector Sample App - RabbitMQConnection

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_apis/build/status/Samples/SteeltoeOSS.Samples%20%5BConnectors_RabbitMQ%5D?branchName=2.x)](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_build/latest?definitionId=14&branchName=main)

> ASP.NET Core sample app illustrating how to use [Steeltoe RabbitMQ Connector](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Connectors/tree/main/src/Steeltoe.CloudFoundry.Connector.Rabbit) for connecting to a RabbitMQ service on CloudFoundry. This specific sample illustrates how to use a `RabbitMQ.Client` to send and receive messages on the bound rabbitmq service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core sample app illustrating how to use [Steeltoe RabbitMQ Connector](https://docs.steeltoe.io/api/v3/connectors/rabbitmq.html) for connecting to a RabbitMQ service on CloudFoundry. This specific sample illustrates how to use a `RabbitMQ.Client` to send and receive messages on the bound RabbitMQ service.
```
